* Please give a detailed description of the project.

Parrot Virtual Machine is a portable register-based application virtual machine
intended as a research platform for dynamic languages as well as having the
goal of allowing "language interoperability", i.e. the ability of one language
running on Parrot (usually called a High Level Language (HLL)) to use libraries
from another language.

* What FLOSS License(s) does your project use?  Please include the
primary license, and list other licenses for code that is included.
(e.g., "The project as a whole is GPLv3-or-later, but about a dozen
files in the directory src/external/ are under the Apache-2.0
license")

All core code is Artistic 2.0. All external code that is bundled with
Parrot is the in the ext/ directory.

    ext/nqp-rx -

    ext/Parrot-Embed

    ext/winxed - Copyright 2009-2011 by Julián Albo "NotFound",
                 dual-licensed under GPLv3+Artistic 1.0

* Please give us your roadmap and plans for future development of the
project, including both code and community plans.

* Please give us the main link to the projects primary website.

http://parrot.org

* Please give us a URL to a code repository we can clone and/or
checkout.

https://github.com/parrot/parrot

* Have you ever had funds held by the project, or by any individual
on behalf of the project?  How and for what did you spend those
funds?

* Does your project owe funds to anyone?

Not to my knowledge, although we do have a few recurring small
expenses, such as a fax number and PO box.

* Has your project ever had legal trouble, been involved in legal
proceedings or received a letter accusing your project of patent,
copyright, trademark or other types of infringement?

Not to my knowledge.

* Please give a brief history of the project, focusing on how the
community developed and the general health of the community.  Be sure
to include information on any forks or other disputes that have
occurred in the community.

* Please explain how your project is governed.  Who makes the
decisions in the project?  How do you resolve disputes,
particularly about non-code issues?

* If your project runs on Linux-based systems, please list all the
distributions that include your project, and what "repository area"
the package appears in.  If you aren't packaged for any major
distributions, please tell us why you believe your project hasn't
been packaged yet.

* Does your project have any existing for-profit or non-profit
affiliations, funding relationships, or other agreements between the
project and/or key leaders of your project and other
organizations?  Has the project had such affiliations in the past?
Please list of all of them in detail and explain their
nature. Even tangential affiliations and relationships should be
included.

* Approximately how many users does your project have, and what items
lead you to believe your userbase is of a particular size (e.g., post
counts to your user mailing list)?

Our biggest "user" is Rakudo Perl 6, which itself has many developers
(which are our users) and dozens to hundreds of users (which are our
users once removed.)

* Please list the names, email addresses, and affiliations (e.g.,
employer) of key developers and major contributors.  Include both
current and past contributors and developers.  Please include date
ranges of when those developers/contributors were active.

